Filmuniversität Babelsberg *KONRAD WOLF* | WS19/20
Dr.-Ing. Till Bovermann
---

# Theoretical Backgrounds of Audio & Graphics 

group B
-------


## Exercise 02 

--- 

### Task 2.1 

Review the top learning objectives of the lecture. Formulate two questions per
objective about something that you expect to be asked in an examination &
formulate a solution for these two questions.

[15min]

---

### Task 2.2

Review the top learning objectives of the lecture. Formulate two questions per
objective about something that you have not yet understood or about something
that you would like to know more about.

[15min]

--- 

### Task 2.3 

Use any of your favorite audio recording software applications (e.g., Audacity,
Reaper, ...). Imagine a radio documentation about the history of digital audio.
You are a group of experts / one expert invited to explain the “physical
properties of sound” or “the process of sampling and quantization” in 2
minutes. Record your explanation and add some interesting effect or twist to
your recording that picks up on what you explain and enhances the listening
experience.

[30min]

--- 

### Task 2.4 

Recap the process of sampling & quantization by hand. Take a pen & paper and
draw a sine wave that is made up of two cycles.  Now you are supposed to draw
the sample points for sampling rates of 4Hz & 10Hz as well as quantization
points for sample sizes of 1bit, 2bit, and 3bit. How do the resulting sampled
sine waves look like?

[20min]


---

##### Evaluation  

In the practical session, every week one group will be responsible for
presenting their worksheet solutions to the class and sharing a solution or
summary sheet afterwards. Exception: Exercise 1 / Session 2, where every group
has to prepare part of the homework assignment. 

Successful presentation & sharing of (potentially revised) solution sheets will
be tracked per group. Solution sheets must be shared with the class one week
after the presentation the latest.

##### Submission

* Please upload your solutions to GitHub